{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart34\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts34\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE\par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 \par \par \par \par The sprite-number is a numeric-expression whose value specifies the number of the sprite assigned in the SPRITE subprogram.\par \par The pixelrow and the pixelcol are numeric-expressions whose values specify the position of the screen pixel.\par \par A coincidence exists if the distance between the pixel in the upper-left corner of the sprite and the screen pixel is less than or equal to the value of the numeric-expression tolerance.  (Note that a coincidence also exists if any pixel in the sprite occupies the screen pixel location).\par \par The distance between two pixels is said to be within tolerance if the difference between pixelrows and the difference between pixelcols are both less than or equal to the specified tolerance. Note that this is not the same as the distance indicated by the DISTANCE subprogram.\par \par COINC returns a value in the numeric-variable indicating whether or not the specified coincidence exists. The value is -1 if there is a coincidence or 0 if there is no coincidence.\par \par All Sprites\par The ALL option tests for the coincidence of any of the sprites.\par \par \tab For the ALL option, sprites are considered to be coincident if any pixel of any sprite occupies \par \tab the same screen pixel location as any pixel of any other sprite.\par \par \tab Also  the ALL with a pixelrow,pixelcol option considers there to be a coincidence if any sprite \par \tab occupies the defined screen location of pixelrow,pixelcol.\par \par \tab COINC returns a value in the numeric-variable indicating whether or not a coincidence exists.\par \tab The value is -1 if there is a coincidence or 0 if there is no coincidence.\par \par Program\par \par 100 CALL CLEAR::S$="0103070F1F3F7FFF"\par 120 CALL CHAR(244,S$)::CALL CHAR(250,S$)\par 130 CALL SPRITE(#1,244,7,50,50)\par 140 CALL SPRITE(#2,250,5,44,42)\par 150 CALL COINC(#1,#2,10,C)\par 160 PRINT C\par 170 CALL COINC(ALL,C)\par 180 PRINT C\par RUN\par -1\par  0\par \par Line 150 shows a coincidence because the upper-left corners of the sprites are within 10 pixels of each other.\par \par Line 170 shows no coincidence because the shaded areas of the sprites do not occupy the same screen pixel location. (Shaded areas are compared only if you specify the ALL option.)\par Do not use when MOUSE interrupts are on  (MOUSE ON).\par }
