{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart36\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts36\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE\par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 \par \par \par Text Modes\par \par An error occurs if you use the COLOR subprogram to assign character colors in either Text Mode (i.e. Graphics(2,1) or Graphics(3,1)). Use the SCREEN subprogram to assign character colors in Text Mode. Sprites are not displayed in text mode.\par \par Graphics(1,2) and (1,3)\par \par In these modes, you can use COLOR only to assign colors to sprites; any other use of the COLOR subprogram causes an error. Use the DCOLOR subprogram to specify character and graphics colors in High-Resolution Mode.\par \par Sprites\par \par A sprite is assigned a foreground-color when it is created with the SPRITE subprogram. The back-ground-color of a sprite is always transparent.\par \par To re-assign colors to sprites you must use the sprite parameters, no matter what graphics mode the computer is in.\par \par \tab The sprite-number is a numeric-expression whose value specifies the number of a sprite as \par \tab assigned by the SPRITE subprogram.\par \par \tab Fore-ground-color is a numeric-expression whose value specifies a color that can be \par \tab assigned from among the 16 available colors.\par \par Examples\par \par 100 CALL COLOR(#5,16)\par Sets sprite number 5 to have a foreground-color of 16 (white). The background is always 1 (transparent).\par \par This example is valid in all graphics modes. (Remember that sprites have no effect in Text Modes).\par \par 100 CALL COLOR(#7,INT(RND*16+1))\par Sets sprite number 7 to have a foreground-color chosen randomly from the 16 colors available. The background-color is 1 (transparent).\par This example is valid in all graphics modes.\par \par Program\par This program sets foreground-color of characters 48-55 to 5(dark blue) and the background-color to 12(light yellow).\par \par 100 CALL CLEAR\par 110 CALL GRAPHICS(1)    or  (1,1)\par 120 CALL COLOR(3,5,12)\par 130 DISPLAY AT(12,16):CHR$(48)\par 140 GOTO 140\par (Press CLEAR to stop the program.)\par }
