{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart46\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts46\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 DEFvartype\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab           DEFvartype\par \par \par \par \par Vartypes: DEFINT, DEFREAL\par \par DEFINT      - define as integers\par DEFREAL   - define as double-precision RADIX 99 floating point (64 bit)\par \par Format:  \tab DEFINT I,J,COUNT,LOOPNUM,DIM A(100)\par \tab \tab DEFREAL SQRROOT,VALUE,N,DIM D(40)\par \tab \tab DEFSTR NAM,FILENAME,N,F,DIM E(75)\par \par NOTE: DEFREAL ALL is the default mode in MYARC Advanced BASIC.\par \par Cross Reference\par DIM, OPTION BASE, SUB\par \par Description\par The DEFvartype instruction enables you to declare the data-type of specified variables.\par \par Usually the name given to a variable will identify the type of variable. Example: If a variable name ends in a dollar sign (i.e. A$) then the variable is a string variable. Numeric variables can be identified in MYARC Advanced BASIC in terms of precision by the use of the following symbol as terminator attached to the end of the variable name. %,  is termed type declaration tag.\par \par \tab \tab \tab SYMBOL\tab TYPE OF VARIABLE\par \par \tab \tab \tab       $\tab \tab STRING VARIABLE\par \tab \tab \tab       %\tab \tab INTEGER CONSTANT\par \par Variables can also be declared by use of the DEFvartype statement. The declaration must be present and executable at a lower line number than that of any use of the variable-names that it represents.\par \par A DEFvartype statement must appear at the beginning of a line. Also, any variable defined by that statement must appear later in the program.\par }
