{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart48\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts48\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 DELETE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab           DELETE\par \par \par \par \par Format\par DELETE [startline#-endline#]\par \par Description\par 100-200 deletes lines 100-through 200.\par \par \tab COMMAND\tab \tab \tab LINES DELETED\par \par \tab DELETE\tab \tab \tab All lines.\par \tab DELETE X\tab \tab \tab Line number X only.\par \tab DELETE X-\tab \tab \tab Lines from number X to the highest line number, inclusive.\par \tab DELETE -X\tab \tab \tab Lines from the lowest line number to line number X, inclusive.\par \tab DELETE X-Y or\tab \tab \tab All lines from line number X to line number Y, inclusive.\par \tab DELETE X,Y\par \par If any line-number-range does not include a line number in your program, the following conventions apply:\par \par \tab If line-number-range is higher than any line number in your program, the highest-numbered \par \tab program line is deleted.\par \par \tab If line-number0range is lower than any line number in your program, the lowest-numbered \par \tab program line is deleted.\par \par \tab If line-number-range is between lines in the program, only those lines that fall within the range \par \tab specified will be deleted.\par \par NOTE: For TI 99/4A Programs:\par \par \tab Delete will no longer be used to delete files from DISK STORAGE DEVICE. See KILL, CLOSE, \par \tab FILES. However, programs that contain a "DELETE" file statement will execute exactly as they \par \tab did under TI BASIC or TI EXTENDED BASIC. The token used internally will now be occupied by \par \tab the KILL command. As long as the program is stored in tokenized form(program file, or DV163 \par \tab merge format), then execution will not be affected. On listing the program, the word "KILL" will \par \tab be listed instead of "DELETE".\par \par DELETE--no longer applies to files. DELETE applies to line numbers only. To delete files, see KILL.\par }
