{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr1728\pgnstart52\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts52\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 DISPLAY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab         DISPLAY\par \par \par \par \par Format\par DISPLAY [print-list]\par DISPLAY [AT(row,column)] [BEEP] [ERASE ALL] [CLIP] [INVERSE/BLINK] [SIZE(numeric-expression)] [:print-list]\par \par Cross Reference\par DISPLAY USING, GRAPHICS, MARGINS, PRINT, BTIME, BCOLOR\par \par Description\par The DISPLAY instruction enables you to display numbers and strings on the screen. The numeric- and/or string-expressions in the print-list can be constants and/or variables.\par \par The options available with the DISPLAY instruction make it more versatile for screen output than in the PRINT instruction. You can display data at any screen position, sound a tone when data items are displayed, clear the screen or a portion of the display row before displaying data, and accentuate displayed data by using the INVERSE/BLINK option.\par \par You can use DISPLAY as either a program statement or a command.\par \par \tab The print-list consists of one or more print-items (items to be displayed on the screen) \par \tab separated by print-separators. See PRINT for an explanation of the print-items and print-\par \tab separators that make up a print-list.\par \par Options\par \par You can enter the following options, separated by a space, in any order.\par \par \tab AT--The AT option enables you to specify the beginning of the display field. Row and column are \par \tab relative to the upper-left corner of the screen window defined by the margins. If you do not use \par \tab the AT option, the display field begins in the far left column of the bottom row of the current \par \tab screen window. Before a new line is displayed at the bottom of the window, the entire contents of \par \tab the window(excluding sprites) scroll up one line to make room for the new line. The contents of\par \tab the top line of the window scroll off the screen and are discarded. If you use the AT option and\par \tab your print-list includes a TAB function, the TAB location is relative to the beginning of the display\par \tab field. If you use the AT option and a print-item is too long to fit in the display field. either the extra\par \tab characters are discarded (if you use the SIZE option) or the print-item is moved to the beginning \par \tab of the next screen line (if you do not use the SIZE option).\par \par \tab BEEP--The BEEP option sounds a short tone when the data items are displayed.\par }
