{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart62\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts62\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 END\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab END\par \par \par \par \par Format\par END\par \par Cross Reference\par STOP\par \par Description\par The END statement stops the execution of your program.\par \par In addition to terminating program execution, END causes the computer to perform the following operations:\par \par \tab It closes all open files.\par \par \tab It restores the default character definitions of all characters.\par \par \tab It restores the default foreground color and background color to all characters in the Graphic \par \tab ode selected unless you have used TCOLOR or PALETTE in those modes where they are \par \tab llowed.\par \par \tab It restores the default screen color if you have not changed the screen color in those\par \tab modes where they are allowed.\par \par \tab It deletes all sprites.\par \tab \par \tab It resets the sprite magnification level to 1.\par \par The graphic colors (see DCOLOR) and current position (see DRAWTO) are not affected.\par \par An END statement is not necessary to stop your program; the program automatically stops after the highest line is executed.\par \par END can be used interchangeably with the STOP statement, except that you cannot use STOP after a subprogram.\par }
