{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart68\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts68\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 FILL --Subprogram\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab FILL\par \par \par \par \par Format\par CALL FILL(pixel-row,pixel-column)\par \par Cross Reference\par CIRCLE, DCOLOR, DRAW, DRAWTO, GRAPHICS, POINT, RECTANGLE\par \par Description\par The FILL subprogram enables you to fill in the area surrounding a specified pixel with a specified color.\par \par \tab Pixel-row and pixel-column are numeric-expressions whose values specify the pixel that you \par \tab want to surround with a color or pattern.\par \par \tab Character-code is a numeric-expression with a value from 0-215 specifying the character with \par \tab which to fill the area surrounding the specified pixel.\par \par \tab Pixel-row must have a value from 1 to 192, pixel-column must have a value from 1 to 256.\par \tab The color of the pattern that surrounds the specified pixel is the foreground-color specified by the \tab DCOLOR subprogram. If you have not called the DCOLOR subprogram, the default fill color is lt. \tab green.\par \par The area surrounding the specified pixel is filled with the fill pattern until a screen edge or a foreground pixel (a pixel that is turned on) is encountered.\par \par The boundaries of the area to be filled can be defined by lines drawn with CIRCLE, DRAW, DRAWTO, POINT, RECTANGLE subprograms.\par \par FILL cannot be used in Pattern or Text modes. An error results if you use FILL in Pattern or Text modes.\par \par In Graphics(1,2) and (1,3) modes the computer divides each pixel-row into 32 groups of 8 pixels each. The computer can assign a foreground-color and a background-color (from among the 16 available colors) to each 8 pixel group.\par }
