{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart74\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts74\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 GCHAR --Subprogram--Get Character\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab GCHAR\par \par \par \par \par Format\par Pattern and Text Modes\par \tab CALL GCHAR(row,column,numeric-variable)\par High-Resolution Mode\par \tab CALL GPOINT(pixel-row,pixel-column,numeric-variable color value)\par \par Cross Reference\par GRAPHICS,HCHAR,VCHAR,DRAW\par \par Description\par The GCHAR subprogram enables you to ascertain the character code of a character on the screen or the color value of a screen pixel.\par \par The meaning of the value returned to the specified numeric-variable varies according to the graphics mode.\par \par Pattern and Text Modes\par \par Row and column are numeric-expressions whose values specify a character position on the screen.\par \par The value of row must be greater than or equal to 1 and less than or equal to 24 or 26.5(Graphics 3,1).\par \par The value of column must be greater than or equal to 1. In Pattern mode, column must be less than or equal to 32; in Text mode, column must be less than or equal to 40 or 80.\par \par GCHAR is not affected by margin settings. Row and column are relative to the upper-left corner of the screen, not to the corner of the window defined by the margins.\par \par The character code of the character at the specified position is returned to the numeric-variable. See Appendix B for a list of ASCII character codes.\par \par High-Resolution Mode\par \par The pixel-row and pixel-column are numeric-expressions whose values specify a screen pixel position.\par The value of the numeric-expression pixel-row and pixel-column must be greater than or equal to 1. In High-Resolution Mode, pixel-row must be less than or equal to 192. See Appendix K for Graphics Modes ranges.\par The value of the numeric-expression pixel-column must be greater than or equal to 1 and less than or equal to the value of the maximum pixel columns allowed for the Graphics mode selected. See Appendix K.\par In Graphics(3,3) pixel-row 193 through 212 is available.\par \par The color of the specified screen pixel is given by the value returned to the numeric-variable.\par \par Example\par 100 CALL GRAPHICS(3,3)\par 110 CALL GPOINT(106,256,X)\par Returns to X the color value of a position of the center of screen.\par }
