{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart80\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts80\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 \par \par \par \par Pattern Mode\par \par In Pattern Mode, the screen is considered to be a grid 24 characters high and 32 characters wide. Each character is 8 pixels and 8 pixels wide. The 256 available characters are divided into 32 sets of 8 characters each. You can use the COLOR subprogram to assign a foreground- and a background-color, from among the 16 available colors, to each character set.\par \par In Pattern Mode, you have access to sprites.\par \par The DCOLOR subprogram has no effect in Pattern Mode. If you use a CIRCLE, DRAW, DRAWTO, FILL, POINT, or RECTANGLE subprogram, the error message Graphics mode error in line-number is displayed.\par \par Text Modes\par \par In Text Modes, the screen is considered to be a grid 24 characters high and 40 characters wide (Graphics(2,1)) or 26 characters high and 80 characters wide (Graphics(3,1)). Each character is 8 pixels high and 6 pixels wide.\par \par You can use the SCREEN subprogram to assign one background-color from among the 16 available colors. The colors you select are assigned to all 256 characters.\par \par In Text Mode, you do not have access to sprites (the SPRITE subprogram has no effect in Text Modes). Using the COLOR subprogram to assign colors to sprites has no effect.\par \par The DCOLOR subprogram has no effect in Text Mode. If you use a CIRCLE, DRAW, DRAWTO, FILL, POINT, or RECTANGLE subprogram, the error message Graphics mode error in line-number is displayed.\par \par Graphics(1,2) and (1,3)\par \par In these modes, the screen is considered to be a grid 192 pixels high and 256 pixels wide.\par \par You can use the DCOLOR subprogram to assign colors to sprites; any other use of COLOR subprogram causes an error.\par \par You can use the DCOLOR subprogram to assign color to the graphics you display.\par \par Use the COLOR subprogram only to assign colors to sprites; any other use of the COLOR subprogram causes an error.\par \par In these modes, you have access to sprites.\par }
