{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart90\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts90\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 INPUT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab INPUT\par \par \par \par \par Format\par Keyboard Input\par \tab INPUT [input-prompt:]variable-list\par File input\par \tab INPUT #file-number[,REC record-number]\par \par Cross Reference\par ACCEPT, EOF, LINPUT, OPEN, REC, TERMCHAR\par \par Description\par The INPUT statement suspends program execution to enable you to enter data from the keyboard. INPUT can be used to retrieve data from an external device.\par \par \tab The variable-list consists of one or more variables separated by commas. Values are \par \tab assigned to the variables in the variable-list in the order they are input. A value assigned to a \par \tab numeric variable must be a number; a value assigned to a string variable may be a string or a \par \tab number.\par \par Variables are assigned to a values sequentially in the variable-list. A value can be assigned to a variable, and then that variable can be used as a subscript later in the same variable-list.\par \par Input from the Keyboard\par \par If you do not specify a file-number, the program pauses to accept input from the keyboard.\par \par \tab If you enter an input-prompt, it appears at the beginning of the input field, followed immediately \par \tab by the flashing cursor.\par \par \tab The input-prompt is a string expression; if you use a string constant, you must enclose it in \par \tab quotation marks.\par \tab \par \tab If you do not enter an input-prompt, a question mark (?) appears at the beginning of the input \par \tab field,followed by a space. The flashing cursor appears in the character position following the \par \tab space.\par \par The input field begins in the far left column of the bottom row of the screen window  defined by the margins. You can enter up to 157 characters from the keyboard; however, an exceptionally long entry may not be processed correctly by the computer.\par \par The values entered to the variable-list of one INPUT statement must be separated by commas. You must enter the same number of values as there are variables in the variable-list.\par \par A string value entered from the keyboard can optionally be enclosed in quotation marks. However, a string containing a comma, a quotation mark, or\par }
