{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr1920\pgnstart98\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts98\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20\ul KEY COMMANDS FOR REDEFINING FUNCTION KEYS\par \ulnone \par KEY\par \par Format\par KEY(numeric-expression)=string expression\par \par Description\par The KEY numeric expression, string expression command allows you to redefine the associated string of a specified function key. The purpose of this command is to allow you to redefine the default for any specified function key.\par \par Upon invoking BASIC,  function KEYS 1-10 are predefined as follows:\par \par \tab F1\tab LIST\tab \tab F6\tab MERGE                   F11      DRIVE/DIR\par \tab F2\tab RUN\tab \tab F7\tab NUM                        F12      PRINTER\par \tab F3\tab OLD\tab \tab F8\tab TRACE\par \tab F4\tab SAVE\tab \tab F9\tab PRINT\par \tab F5\tab CON\tab \tab F10\tab KEY\par \tab \par \tab Numeric expression defines the function key number that is being redefined. Valid function key \par \tab numbers are 1-12.\par \tab Note: F11 and F12 can only be used for their defined function i.e. KEY(11 or 12)=string expression.\par \tab If the SCROLL LOCK is on, pressing the function key returns the string currently assigned to the \par \tab function key in command mode and when a program is calling for input. Pressing the function key \par \tab with SCROLL LOCK on , will return its associated string in any screen mode. Use KEY ON or KEY \par \tab OFF to display /remove function key menu in screen modes (3,1), (3,2), (3,3).\par \tab Using Hchar at row 25, a second menu can be added of user defined menu items. User must \par \tab provide a routine in their program to use the user defined menu.\par \tab String expression defines the string that is to be returned when the function key is pressed.\par \par Either in the imperative mode (cursor blinking), or when a program is asking for input while running, pressing the function key will return its associated string. \par You can use the command KEY LIST to view the complete list on the screen.\par \par Format\par ON KEY (numeric expression) GOSUB line number\par \par KEY(numeric-expression)=ON/OFF\par KEY STOP\par \par Description\par The ON KEY (numeric expression GOSUB line number and KEY(numeric expression) =ON/OFF commands enable a running program to be halted and execution  transferred to a predefined subprogram when a function key is pressed. To successfully allow the program to transfer to the desired subroutine, you must first tell MYARC Advanced BASIC which function key is to transfer control to where.\par The numeric expression must be a valid function key number from 1 to 15. Keys are mapped the same as\par CALL KEY mode 5. See Appendix M. Use F1 thru F9 and the following;\par F10=LT ARROW\tab F11=RT ARROW\tab F12=DWN ARROW\tab F13=UP ARROW\par F14=ENTER\tab \tab F15=ALT =\par \par KEY STOP clears ALL on key gosub line numbers. You must issue a new on key to reactivate.\par \par The line number tells the basic interpreter where the subroutine is to start once\par }
