{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2016\pgnstart110\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts110\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 LLIST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab LLIST\par \par \par \par \par Format\par LLIST[linenum1][-][linenum2][ W/w] or [ W/w(width)]\par \par Cross Reference\par LIST\par \par Description\par Same line format as LIST except that LLIST automatically sends list to default print device.\par \par \tab COMMAND\tab \tab \tab LINES LISTED\par \par \tab LLIST\tab \tab \tab \tab All lines.\par \par \tab LLIST X\tab \tab \tab Line X only.\par \par \tab LLIST X-\tab \tab \tab Lines from X to the highest line number, inclusive.\par \par \tab LLIST -X\tab \tab \tab Lines from the lowest line number to line number X, inclusive.\par \tab LLIST X-Y or X Y\tab \tab All lines from line numbers X to Y, inclusive\par \par \tab LLIST X-Y,W or W132\tab \tab All lines from line  numbers X to Y, inclusive are printed using a \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab page width of W to a maximum of 160.\par \par If the line-number-range does not include a line number in the program, the following conventions apply.\par \par \tab If line-number-range is higher than any line number in the program, the highest-numbered \par \tab program line is listed.\par \tab If line-number-range is lower than any line number in the program, the lowest-numbered program \par \tab line is listed.\par \tab If line-number-range is between lines in the program, the next higher numbered program line is \tab listed.\par \par Width is the number of characters across the page and the default is 80 characters. W has a default of 160 characters. W can be upper or lower case.\par \par If the page width depends upon an escape code or control code sequence, then that sequence must be sent to the print device before using LLIST. This can be accomplished by the following method.\par \par From the command prompt; \par For 132 or 136 width printer     OPEN #X:"PIO"::PRINT #X:CHR$(15)::CLOSE #1\par For  160 (condensed elite) width   OPEN #X:"PIO"::PRINT#X:CHR$(15);CHR$(27);CHR$(77) ::CLOSE #1\par \par The default device can be changed by changing the name of LPT.\par LPT device.filename  from command prompt or KEY(12)="PIO"  or  "RS232.[options]" from command prompt or within a program.\par Any width greater than 80 or less than 80 will create a file of that length on a storage device.\par }
