{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\pgnstart152\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts152\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 OUTP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab OUTP\par \par \par \par \par \par Format\par CALL OUTP(port,databyte)\par \par Cross Reference\par INP\par \par You  may use CALL OUTP either as a program statement or a command.\par \par Use only ports 1 or 2 as the PIO or PIO/2 ports respectively.\par \par Sends a databyte to a port.\par \par \tab The databyte may be any integer between 0 and 255.\par \par \tab Data is received and sent internally through various components within the computer, known as\par \tab ports.\par \par \tab The OUTP statement is used to obtain direct control of a device such as the keyboard, sound, etc.\par \par \ql \tab OUTP is the complement  function to the INP command.\par \par \par \par \par \par PALETTE --Subprogram\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab    PALETTE\par \par \par \par \par Format\par CALL PALETTE(#color,redvalue,bluevalue,greenvalue[,#color2,redvalue2,bluevalue2,greenvalue2,...])\par \par Cross Reference\par TCOLOR,RESETPLT\par \par Description\par Mixes a new color palette for one or more colors in the 16-color sets and the 4-color set.\par \par The range for each colorvalue is from 1 to 8.\par \par The number-color for MODE(3,2) is limited to colors 1-4 (See Graphics).\par \par A new command or program statement CALL RESETPLT\par Resets the palette to the default values.\par }
