{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr1872\pgnstart154\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts154\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 PEEK --Subprogram--Peek at CPU RAM\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab PEEK\par \par \par \par \par Format CALL PEEK(address, numeric-variable-list[,"",address, numeric-variable-list[,...]])\par \par Cross Reference\par LOAD, PEEKV, POKEV, VALHEX\par \par Description\par The PEEK subprogram enables you to ascertain the contents of specified CPU memory addresses.\par \par You can use the PEEKV subprogram to ascertain the contents of VDP memory.\par \par \tab The address is a numeric-expression  whose value specifies the first CPU (Central Processing Unit) \tab memory address at which you want to peek.\par \par \tab The address must have a value from -32768 to 32767 inclusive.\par \par \tab You can specify an address from 0 to 32767 inclusive by specifying the actual address.\par \tab \par \tab You can specify an address from 32768 to 65535 inclusive by subtracting 65536 from the actual \tab address. This will result in a value from -32768 to -1 inclusive.\par \par \tab If you know the hexdecimal value of the address, you can use the VALHEX function to convert it to \tab a decimal numeric-expression, eliminating the need for manual calculations.\par \par \tab If necessary, the address is rounded to the nearest integer.\par \par \tab The numeric-variable-list consists of one or more numeric-variables separated by commas. Bytes of \tab data starting from the specified CPU memory address are assigned sequentially to the numeric-\tab variables in the numeric-variable-list.\par \par \tab One byte, with a value from 0 to 255 inclusive, is returned to each specified numeric-variable.\par \par You can specify multiple addresses and numeric-variable-lists by entering a null string(two adjacent quotation marks) as a separator between a numeric-variable-list and the next address.\par \par If you call the PEEK subprogram with invalid parameter, the computer may function erratically or cease to function entirely. If this occurs, turn off the computer, wait several seconds, and then turn the computer back on again.\par \par \par }
