{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr1920\pgnstart164\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts164\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 PPT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab PPT\par \par Cross Reference\par LPT,KEY LIST,KEY\par \par \par Description\par Prints current printer device-name or output device name to screen.\par i.e. LPT path.filename   would list program in memory to a storage device when LLIST is used\par from the command prompt. PPT is a command only.\par \par \par PRINT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab PRINT\par \par \par \par Format\par Print to the screen\par \tab PRINT [print-list]\par Print to a File (or Device)\par \tab PRINT #file-number[,REC record-number][:print-list]\par \par Cross Reference\par DISPLAY,OPEN,PRINT USING,TAB\par \par Description\par The PRINT instruction enables you to display data items on the screen or print them to an external device. You can use PRINT as either a program statement or a command.\par \par \tab The print-list consists of one or more items( items to be printed or displayed) separated by print \par \tab separators. A PRINT instruction without a print-list advances the print position to the first position of \par \tab the next record. This has the effect of printing a blank record, unless the preceding PRINT \par \tab instruction ended with a print-separator.\par \par \tab The numeric- and/or string-expressions in the print-list can be constants and/or variables.\par \par Print items are the numeric- and string expressions to be printed. Any function is also a valid print item.\par \par Print separators are the punctuation(commas, semicolons, and colons) between print items specifying the placement of the print items in the print record.\par \par Printing to the Screen\par \par Each print item is displayed in the row of the screen window defined by the margins, starting from the far left column of the window. Before a new line is displayed at the bottom of the window, the entire contents of the window(excluding sprites) scroll up one line to make room for the new line. The contents of the top line of the window scroll off the screen and are discarded.\par }
