{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr1848\pgnstart190\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts190\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 SCHAR --Subprogram\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab SCHAR\par \par \par \par Format\par CALL SCHAR(char#,string-variable)\par \par Cross Reference\par CHAR,SPRITE\par \par Description\par The SCHAR subprogram enables you to define sprites and  sprites only, works just like CALL CHAR except CHAR defines characters and sprites.\par The execption to this is switching to  GRAPHICS(1,1) redefines both characters and sprites.\par \par \par SCREEN --Subprogram\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab        SCREEN\par \par \par Format\par CALL SCREEN(background-color)\par \par Cross Reference\par COLOR,DCOLOR,GRAPHICS\par \par Description\par The SCREEN subprogram enables you to change the screen color. The screen color is the color of the border and the color displayed when transparent is specified as the background-color of a character or pixel.\par \par In Text Mode, SCREEN enables you to change the color of the displayed characters, as well as the color of the screen.\par \par \tab Background-color is a numeric-expression whose value specifies a screen color from among the 16 \par \tab available colors.\par \par \tab In GRAPHICS(1,1), when your program ends the default colors are restored. In other modes, some \par \tab set the edge of the screen to the color selected, some set the complete screen including the edge, \par \tab some will transfer the color to the complete screen when you switch modes.\par \par The codes for the available colors are listed in Appendix F.\par \par 100 CALL SCREEN(8)\par Changes the screen to cyan.\par \par 100 CALL SCREEN(2)\par Changes the screen to black.\par \par 100 CALL GRAPHICS(2,3)\par 110 FOR X=1 TO 256\par 120 CALL SCREEN(X)\par 130 CALL TCOLOR(X,X)\par 140 DISPLAY :: NEXT X\par 150 CALL GRAPHICS(3,1)\par Scrolls  256 colors to the screen, displays the color and sets the edge, but not the border.\par }
