{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr1848\pgnstart198\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts198\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 SPGET --Subprogram\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab SPGET\par \par \par \par \par Format \par CALL SPGET(word-string,string-variable[,...])\par \par Cross Reference\par SAY\par \par Description\par The SPGET subprogram enables you to assign the computer's internal representation of a speech word to a variable.\par \par SPGET is especially useful if you want to add a suffix to a word in the computer's resident vocabulary.\par \par \tab Word-string is a string-expression whose value is any of the words or phrases in the computer's \tab resident vocabulary. If you use a string constant, you must enclose it in quotes.\par \par \tab The computer substitutes "UHOH" for a word-string not in the vocabulary.\par \par \tab A speech phrase (more than one word) must be enclosed in pound signs(#).\par \par \tab See Appendix for a list of the computer's resident vocabulary.\par \par \tab The internal representation of the word-string (the direct-string) is returned in the string-variable.\par \tab  See Appendix I for information on adding suffixes to direct-strings.\par \par \tab You can specify multiple word-strings and direct strings by alternating them.\par \par Program\par \par The following program illustrates using CALL SPGET.\par \par 110 CALL SPGET("COMPUTER",Y$)\par 120 CALL SAY("I AM A",Y$)\par }
