{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr1872\pgnstart214\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts214\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 TAB --Function--Tabulate\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab     TAB\par \par \par \par \par Format\par TAB(numeric-expression)\par \par Cross Reference\par DISPLAY,PRINT\par \par Description\par The TAB function specifies the starting position of the next item to be printed by a PRINT or DISPLAY instruction.\par \par \tab The numeric-expression specifies the starting position of the next print item in a print-list of a PRINT \par \tab or DISPLAY instruction.\par \par \tab If the value of the numeric-expression is not an integer, it is rounded to the nearest integer. If the \par \tab value of the numeric-expression is less than 1, it is replaced by 1.\par \par \tab If the value of the numeric-expression is greater than the record length of the screen or device, it \par \tab repeatedly reduced by the record length until it is less than or equal to the record length. The record \par \tab length of the screen is the width of the screen window defined by the margins. For more information \par \tab about the record length of a particular device, refer to the owner's manual that comes with that \tab device.\par \par Because the TAB function itself is treated as a separate print item, it must be preceded and /or followed by a print separator (usually a semicolon), unless it is the only item in the print-list.\par \par If the number of characters already printed in the current record is greater than or equal to the position indicated by the value of the numeric-expression, the print item following the TAB is printed in the next record, beginning in the position specified by the value of the numeric-expression.\par \par TAB can be used to print to a device or file only if the device or file has been opened in DISPLAY format.\par \par TAB cannot be used with PRINT USING or DISPLAY USING.\par \par Examples\par \par 100 PRINT TAB(12);35\par Prints the number 35 at the twelfth position from left margin.\par \par 100 PRINT 356;TAB(18);"NAME"\par Prints 356 at the beginning of the line and NAME at the eighteenth position from the left margin.\par \par 100 PRINT "ABCDEFGHIJKLM";TAB(5);"NOP"\par Prints ABCDEFGHIJKLM at the beginning of the line and NOP at the fifth position of the next line.\par }
