{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart226\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts226\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 WHILE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab WHILE\par \par \par \par \par Format\par WHILE condition :: .....program..... :: WEND\par \par Cross Reference\par WEND,FOR-NEXT,IF-THEN-ELSE\par \par Description\par The WHILE statement starts a loop which is executed repeatedly while the WHILE 'condition' is true. The loop is terminated with a WEND statement.\par \par 'Condition' is a logical expression, numeric or variable that WHILE evaluates. If the 'condition' is TRUE (or a non/zero value, i.e. condition<>0), the program then loops between the WHILE and the WEND statements. When the condition is no longer TRUE (false or condition=0) WHILE passes execution to the statement after WEND.\par \par Unlike FOR-NEXT statements WHILE-WEND loops may NOT be nested.\par \par Example\par \par 100 WHILE S=0 THEN 110\par 110 CALL KEY(0,K,S)\par 120 WEND\par 130 ......  program lines\par 140 END\par \par This short routine checks the entries into the keyboard buffer until it is empty then proceeds to the rest of the program. The keyboard is said to be "Flushed".\par \par 100 REM WHILE TEST\par 110 WHILE NAME$<>"LAST"\par 120 READ NAME$,PHONE$\par 130 COUNT=COUNT+1\par 140 PRINT NAME$;TAB(20);PHONE$\par 150 WEND\par 160 PRINT "NUMBER OF NAMES=";COUNT\par 170 PRINT "WHILE HAS BEEN EVALUATED TO FALSE"\par 180 DATA MYARC, 201-766-1700\par 190 DATA JIM UZZELL,201-000-0000\par 200 DATA LAST,LAST\par }
