{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr2160\pgnstart228\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts228\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 ADVANCED BASIC LOADING OPTIONS\par \par \par \par When invoking Abasic from the MDOS command line or a batch file you may also want to invoke several available options. One option is the amount of memory allocated to data space. The following depicts the memory allocation for Abasic:\par \par                                                                                                                                                   \par \tab ABASIC\tab \tab PROGRAM\tab \tab ASSEMBLY\tab \tab \tab DATA\par \tab INTER\tab \tab \tab MEMORY\tab \tab LANGUAGE\tab \tab \tab SPACE\par \tab  56K\tab \tab \tab    64K\tab \tab           SUBROUTINES\tab \tab              VARIABLES\par \tab -------------\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab        48K\tab \tab \tab    AND\par \tab DATA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab STRINGS\par \tab BUFFERS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 64K OR\par \tab  8K\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab GREATER\par              \par Memory allocation is fixed except for data space. Data space can be as small as 64K(the default amount), or as large as the available memory in your 9640. With a standard GENEVE, this is limited to 192K minus any RAMDISK and/or SPOOLER rounded to the nearest 8K multiple. Note: This could change if the size of MDOS changes.\par \par To request data space greater than 64K, simply type a space followed by the amount of memory desired (in 8K byte multiples i.e. 128,192) after typing ABASIC1 from the command line of MDOS or in a batch file.\par \par Another optional parameter in the command line or batch file is the selection of the initial default directory and the initial program to be loaded and executed. In order to set a different default directory in ABASIC, type a space and the desired directory pathname ending with a period. ABASIC will set this as the default directory and initially try to load and execute a file named "LOAD" on this directory. If you would like to initially execute another program on the default directory, simply enter the filename. Lastly, if you want to load the ABASIC interpreter and inhibit the auto load of the initial program, enter an asterisk "*". \par The following examples should help you understand these capabilities better:\par \par ABASIC1 *\tab \tab \tab Sets the default directory to that of MDOS(usually DSK1) and goes to the command mode of ABASIC\par \par ABASIC1\tab \tab \tab Sets the default directory to that of MDOS(usually DSK1) and attempts to load and run the program LOAD.\par \par ABASIC 128 DSK2.PROG1\tab Attempts to allocate 128K to DATA space, sets the default directory to DSK2 and attempts to load and run the program PROG1.\par \par ABASIC1 128 DSK2.*\tab \tab Attempts to allocate 128K to DATA space, set the default directory to DSK2 and goes to the command mode of ABASIC.\par \par NOTE: It is recommended that ABASIC be started from a batch file.\par }
