{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl720\margr1848\pgnstart256\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts256\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard \plain\f8\fs20 ABASIC ASSEMBLY SUPPORT AND OTHER INFORMATION--CON'T\par \par DEFAULT I/O PAB DETAIL at >FC00 (64 bytes)\par \par OPCODE\tab   EQU 0\tab \tab I/O OPCODE\par MFLAG\tab \tab   EQU 1\tab \tab MODE FLAG\par ECODE   \tab   EQU 2\tab \tab ERROR CODE\par BAHIGH   \tab   EQU 3\tab \tab BUF ADD HIGH\par BALOW    \tab   EQU 4\tab \tab BUF ADD LOW\par LRN          \tab   EQU 6\tab \tab LOGICAL RECORD NUMBER\par RECNUM  \tab   EQU 6\tab \tab RECORD NUMBER\par LRC          \tab   EQU 8\tab \tab LOGICAL RECORD LENGTH\par MEMTYP  \tab   EQU 10\tab CPU or VDP\par CCHIGH     \tab   EQU 11\tab CHARACTER COUNT HIGH\par CHRCNT   \tab   EQU 12\tab CHAR COUNT\par STATBY    \tab   EQU 14\tab STATUS BYTE(RECORD NUMBER)\par NAMEL      \tab   EQU 15\tab NAME LENGTH\par NAME        \tab   EQU 16\tab NAME(40 characters)\par IOCONT     \tab   EQU 56\tab IO CONTINUE\par FILENO      \tab   EQU 57\tab BASIC FILE NUMBER\par INTOFF      \tab   EQU 58\tab POINTER INTO BUFFER\par PABBUF     \tab   EQU 60\tab 32 BIT ADDRESS POINTER\par \tab \tab \tab \tab TO DATA BUFFER\par \par The following combinations of keys produce special effects and are available to MDOS and/or ABASIC:\par \par \tab ALT CTRL DEL makes the keyboard routine initiate the equivalent of a system reset/boot(soft boot).\par \par \tab CTRL BREAK (CTRL C) makes the keyboard routine invoke the (Keyboard break) interrupt.\par \par \tab CTRL NUM-LOCK makes the keyboard routine wait for you to press any key but NUM-LOCK. This \tab gives you a way to suspend an operation temporarily, then resume.\par \par \tab SHIFT PRTSC or CTRL PRTSC or PRTSC makes the keyboard routine invoke the Print Screen \tab interrupt.\par \par \tab The keyboard treats the following keys as a group, rather than individually; CTRL, SHIFT, NUM-\tab LOCK, CAPS-LOCK and INS. The service routine for the keyboard I/O routine returns a "shift status" \tab byte that tells you when one of these keys are pressed.\par \par PRE-SCAN\par \par The following symbols are used by ABASIC for pre-scan:\par \par !@P+\tab Turn pre-scan on\par !@P-\tab Turn pre-scan off\par !@P*\tab Terminate pre-scan\par \par If your program uses a large quantity of variables(any kind) it is recommended that pre-scan be used.\par \par String variables(any kind) should precede numeric variables(any). Memory space allocated for Strings is less than that of numeric variables and allows for the most efficient use of Data space(Freespace(2)).\par }
