{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margt1411\margb1411\margl720\margr2016\pgnstart262\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts262\headery734\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\ql MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\ql \chpgn     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \par }\pard\ri283\tx1474 \plain\f8\fs20 SECTOR 2\tab FILE DESCRIPTOR RECORDS     FDR\par \par \par ADDRESS\tab CONTENTS\par \par =========\tab ===========================================================\par 0000-0009\tab Filename-up to 10 characters\par \par 000A-000B\tab Extended Record Length(if=>256)\par \par \pard\ri283\tx1474\tx3118\tx6180 000C\tab Filetype\tab |----FLOPPY---|\tab |--HARDDRIVE--|\par \par \pard\ri283\tx1474\tx2381\tx4479\tx6066\tx7371 \tab \tab NOT PROTECTED\tab PROTECTED\tab N/P\tab PROTECT\par \par \pard\ri283\tx1474\tx2891\tx4932\tx6066\tx7654 \tab DIS/FIX\tab >00\tab >08\tab >10\tab >18\par \par \tab Program\tab >01\tab >09\tab >11_See\tab >19\par \tab INT/FIX\tab >02\tab >0A\tab >12_NOTE_2\tab >1A\par \par \tab DIS/VAR\tab >80\tab >88\tab >90_below\tab >98\par \par \tab INT/VAR\tab >82\tab >8A\tab >92\tab >9A\par \pard\ri283\tx1474 000D\tab Number of (MAXRECSIZE) records/sector or records/AU\par \par 000E-000F\tab Number of sectors allocated to the file\par \par 0010\tab For memory-image program files and variable-length data files\par \tab this contains the number of bytes used in the last disk sector\par \par \tab of file. This is used to determine end-of-file.\par \par 0011\tab MAXRECSIZE of data file (logical record length if <256 else 0)\par 0012-0013\tab File record count, but with the second byte being the\par \par \tab high-order byte of the value. (i.e. >2301=>0123)\par \par 0014-0015\tab Time of creation     bits:  hhhh hmmm mmms ssss\par 0016-0017\tab Date of creation            YYYY YYYM MMMd dddd\par \par 0018-0019\tab Time of last change    secs are /2 remainder discarded\par \par 001A-001B\tab Date of last change\par \par 001C-001E\tab Block link\par \par \pard\ri283\tx1247\tx1474 \tab For a file which is "not fractured", these three bytes point\par  to the sectors on which the file \par \tab is stored. If we let the\par  6 nybbles of these bytes be represented by >UVWXYZ then the\par  \par \tab word formed from >0XUV will be the sector number of the first\par  sector of the file and \par \tab >0YZW will be the logical offset of the last sector of the file. That is, the number of \par \tab sectors\par  in the file will be >0YZW + >0001(File Descriptor Record is\par  not included in the \par \tab sector count). If the file is "fractured",\par  then this three-byte block refers to the first \par \tab segment of the\par  fractured file and will be followed by as many additional\par  three-byte \par \tab blocks as there are additional file segments. In each block the word >0XUV is the \par \tab starting sector of the\par  segment and the word >0YZW is one less than the total number\par  \par \tab of sectors used by the file through the current segment.\par \pard\ri283\tx737\tx1247\tx1474 \tab FILE STORAGE\par \par \pard\ri283\tx1247\tx1474 \tab Files are placed on the disk in first-come/first served\par  manner. The first file written will \par \tab start at sector >0042,\par  and each subsequent file will be placed after it. Sectors >2\par  \par \tab through >41 are reserved for File Descriptor Records. File\par  data will be stored in these \par \tab sectors if no other sectors are available. If more than 64 files are stored on a disk,\par \par \tab additional File Descriptor \tab Records will be allocated as\par  needed, one sector at a time,\par \tab from the next available pool\par  of sectors unused. A Subdirectory Directory Link map will \par \tab be\par  allocated the same as a FDR as described in this section.\par \par \par \pard\ri283\tx793\tx1247\tx1474 \tab NOTE 2\par \par \pard\ri283\tx1247\tx1474 \tab You should never see these codes on a floppy only system.\par  These codes are used as \par \tab part of the harddrive structure. For HardDrive, this byte in bit form of 76543210, will \par \tab have bit 4 set. MDOS does not change bit when Copy HD to Floppy occurs.\par  i.e. I/V \par \tab which equals >82 and in bit form would be 1000 0010 and would be 1001 0010 or >92 \par \tab if file has changed. Also bit\par  5 will be set if file is a "DSK1"(emulate) type file.\par \par \pard \par }
