{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\deftab1296\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart19\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts19\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE    \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 CALL\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab                 CALL\par \par \par \par Format\par CALL subprogram-name[(parameter-list)]\par \par Cross Reference\par SUB\par \par Description\par The CALL instruction transfers program control to the specified subprogram.\par \par You can use CALL as either a program statement or a command.\par \par \tab The CALL instruction transfers program control to the subprogram specified by the \tab subprogram-name. \par \par \tab The optional parameter-list consists of one or more parameters separated by commas. \tab Use of a parameter-list is determined by the subprogram you are calling. Some \tab subprograms require a parameter-list, some do not use a parameter-list, and with \tab some a parameter is optional.\par \par You can use CALL as a program statement to call either a built-in MYARC Advanced BASIC subprogram or to call a subprogram that you write. After the subprogram is executed, program control returns to the statement immediately following the CALL statement.\par \par You can use CALL as a command only to call a built-in MYARC Advanced BASIC subprogram, not to call a subprogram that you write.\par \par Each  of the following built-in subprograms is discussed separately in this manual:\par \par \pard\qj\tx1260\tx2700\tx4140\tx5760\tx7380\tx8460\tx9900 \tab BCOLOR\tab ECOLOR\tab LOAD\tab PEEK\tab SPRITE2\par \tab BTIME\tab ERR   \tab LOCATE\tab PEEKV\tab SPRITESET\par \tab CHAR\tab FILL\tab LPR\tab POINT\tab STCR\par \tab CHARPAT\tab FILES\tab MAGNIFY\tab POKEV\tab TCOLOR\par \tab CHARSET\tab GCHAR\tab MARGINS\tab POSITION\tab TIME\par \tab CIRCLE\tab GPOINT\tab MEMSET\tab PSET\tab VCHAR\par \tab CLEAR\tab GRAPHICS\tab MKEY\tab RECTANGLE\tab VERSION\par \tab COINC\tab HCHAR\tab MLOC\tab RESETPLT\par \tab COLOR\tab HIDEMOUSE\tab MOTION\tab SAY\par \tab DATE\tab INIT\tab MOUSEDRAG\tab SCREEN\par \tab DCOLOR\tab INP\tab MREL\tab SEEMOUSE\par \tab DELSPRITE\tab JOYST\tab MYART\tab SCHAR\tab \par \tab DISTANCE\tab KEY\tab OUTP\tab SOUND\tab \par \tab DRAW\tab LDCR\tab PALETTE\tab SPGET\par \tab DRAWTO\tab LINK\tab PATTERN\tab SPRITE\par \par Examples\par \par CALL GRAPHICS(4)\par CALL LINK("filename" [,parameters])\par \pard\qj CALL RESETPLT\par }
