{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart31\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts31\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 CLOSE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab CLOSE\par \par \par \par \par Format\par CLOSE #file-number[:KILL], CLOSE ALL\par \par Cross Reference\par KILL, OPEN, DELETE\par \par Description\par The CLOSE instruction closes the specified file. When you close a file, you discontinue the association (between your program and the file) that you established in the OPEN instruction.\par \par The KILL option is not allow without a specific #file-number. Use CLOSE ALL to close all open files.\par \par You can use CLOSE as either a program statement or a command.\par \par \tab The file-number is a numeric-expression whose value specifies the number of the file as \par \tab assigned in its OPEN instruction.\par \par \tab The KILL option, which can be used only with certain devices, deletes the file after\par \tab closing it. For more information about using the KILL option with a particular device, \par \tab refer to the owner's manual that comes with that device.\par \par After the CLOSE instruction is performed, the closed file cannot be accessed by an instruction because the computer no longer associates that file with a file -number. You can reassign the file-number to another file.\par \par Closing Files Without the CLOSE Instruction\par \par To protect the data in your files, the computer closes all open files when it reaches the end of your program or when it encounters an error (either in Command or Run mode).\par \par Open files are also closed when you do one of the following:\par \par \tab Edit your program (add, delete, or change a program statement).\par \par \tab Enter the BYE, MERGE, NEW, OLD, RUN or SAVE command.\par \par Open files are not closed when you stop program execution by pressing CLEAR(F4) or when your stops at a breakpoint set by a BREAK instruction.\par \par Example\par \par Diskette file\par 100 OPEN #24:"DSK1.MYDATA",INTERNAL,UPDATE,FIXED\par 200 CLOSE #24\par RUN\par The CLOSE statement for a diskette requires no further action on your part.\par }
