{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart33\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts33\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 COINC - Subprogram--Coincidence \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab COINC\par \par \par \par \par Format\par Two sprites\par \tab CALL COINC(#sprite-number1,#sprite-number2,tolerance,numeric-variable)\par A Sprite and a screen pixel\par \tab CALL COINC(#sprite-number,pixelrow,pixelcol,tolerance,numeric-variable)\par All Sprites\par \tab CALL COINC(ALL,numeric-variable)\par \tab CALL COINC(ALL,numeric-variable,pixelrow,pixelcol)\par \par Cross Reference\par SPRITE\par \par Description\par The COINC subprogram enables you to ascertain if sprites are coincident (in conjunction) with each \par other or with a specified screen pixel.\par \par The exact conditions that constitute a coincidence vary depending on whether you are testing \par for the coincidence of two sprites, a sprite and a screen pixel, or all sprites.\par \par If the sprites are moving very quickly, coinc may occasionally fail to detect a coincidence.\par \par Two Sprites\par Two sprites are considered to be coincident if the upper-left of the sprites are within a specified number \par \ri120 of pixels (tolerance) of each other.\par \ri0 \par \tab The values of the numeric-expression sprite-number1 and sprite-number2 specify the \par \tab numbers of the two sprites as assigned in the SPRITE subprogram.\par \par \tab A coincidence exists if the distance between the pixels in the upper-left corners of the two \tab sprites is less than equal to the value of the numeric-expression tolerance.\par \par \tab The distance between two pixels is said to be within tolerance if the difference between \par \tab pixelrows and the difference between pixelcols are both less than or equal to the specified \par \tab tolerance. Note that this is not the same as the distance indicated by the DISTANCE \par \tab subprogram.\par \par \tab COINC returns a value in the numeric-variable indicating whether or not the specified \par \tab coincidence exists. The value is -1 if there is a coincidence or 0 if there is no coincidence.\par \par A Sprite and a Screen Pixel\par A sprite is considered to be coincident with a screen pixel if the upper-left corner of the sprite is within a \par specified number of pixels (tolerance) of the screen pixel or if any pixel in the sprite occupies the screen \par pixel location.\par }
