{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart35\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts35\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 COLOR --Subprogram\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab COLOR\par \par \par \par \par Format\par Pattern Mode\par \tab CALL COLOR(character-set,foreground-color,background-color[,....])\par Sprites\par \tab CALL COLOR(#sprite-number,foreground-color[,....])\par \par Cross Reference\par CHAR, DCOLOR,GRAPHICS,PALETTE,SCREEN,SPRITE,TCOLOR\par \par Description\par The COLOR subprogram enables you to specify the colors of characters or sprites.\par \par The types of parameters you specify in a call to the COLOR subprogram depend on whether you are assigning colors to characters or to sprites.\par \par In general, each character has two colors. The color of the pixels that make up the character itself is the foreground-color; the color of the pixels that occupy the rest of the character position on the screen is the background color.\par \par When you enter MYARC Advanced Basic, the foreground-color of all the characters is white; the background-color of all characters is blue. These default colors are restored when your program ends (either normally or because of an error, stops at a breakpoint, or changes graphics mode. \par \par If a color is transparent, the color actually displayed is the color specified by the SCREEN subprogram.\par \par See Appendix F for a listing of available colors and their respective codes.\par \par Pattern Mode and Bit Mapped Modes\par \par In these modes(i.e. Graphics(1,1),(2,2),(2,3),(3,2),(3,3), the 256 available characters are divided into 32 sets of 8 characters each. When you assign a color combination to a particular set, you specify the colors of all 8 characters in that set.\par \par \tab The character-set is a numeric-expression whose value specifies the number (0-31) of the 8 \tab character set.\par \tab \par \tab Fore-ground-color and background-color are numeric-expressions whose values specify colors \par \tab that can be assigned from among the 16 available colors.\par \par \tab In the 256 color mode(2,2), the colors are 1-256. In the 4 color mode(3,2) the colors are 1-4.\par \par \tab CALL COLOR(#0,foreground-color) sets the MOUSE color.\par \par See Appendix D for available characters and character sets in Pattern Mode.\par }
