{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart45\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts45\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 \par \par \par \par DEF With Parameters\par \par When your program encounters a statement containing a previously defined function-name with parameters, the parameters values are passed to the function in the same order in which they are listed. The expression is evaluated using those values, and the function is assigned the value of the expression at that time. String values can be passed only to string parameters. Numeric values can be passed only to numeric parameters.\par \par If you define a function with parameters, it must appear with the same number of parameters when you use it in your program.\par \par Recursive Definitions\par \par A DEF statement may reference other defined functions (the expression may include previously defined function-names). However, a DEF statement may not be directly or indirectly recursive (self-referencing).\par \par Direct recursion occurs when you use the function-name in the expression of the same DEF statement. (This would be similar to writing a dictionary definition that included the word you were trying to define.)\par \par Indirect recursion occurs when the expression contains a function-name, and in turn the expression in the DEF statement of that function (or other function subsequently referenced) includes the original function-name. (This would be similar to looking up the dictionary definition of a word, finding that the definition included other words that you needed to look up, and then discovering that the definitions led you directly back to your original word.)\par \par Examples\par \par 100 DEF PAY(OT)=40*RATE+1.5*RATE*OT\par 110 RATE=4.00\par 120 PRINT PAY(3)\par RUN\par 178\par Defines PAY so that each time it is encountered in a program the pay is figured using the RATE of pay times 40 plus 1.5 times the rate of pay times the overtime hours.\par \par 100 DEF RND20=INT(RND*20+1)\par Defines RND20 so that each time it is encountered in a program an integer from 1 to 20 is given.\par \par 100 DEF FIRSTWORD$(NAME$)=SEG$(NAME$,1,POS(NAME$," ",1)-1)\par Defines FIRSTWORD$ to be the part of NAMES$ that precedes a space.\par }
