{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart47\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts47\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj\ri360 \plain\f8\fs20 \par \par \par \par The variable-list consists of one or more variables separated by commas. The DEFINT and DEFREAL statements allow an ALL option, if this is used then all numeric variables in the program will be defined as the type specified except if they are specifically declared otherwise.\par \par A numeric variable of the integer data-type is a whole number greater than or equal to -32768 and less than 32767.\par \par Integer variables are processed faster and use less memory that do real (or floating) point variables.\par \par CAUTION: mixed mode floating point arithmetic is not allowed.\par \par \tab REAL: real numbers and integers\par \par \tab BINARY: integers, single-precision, double-precision\par \par Mixing real numbers with either single- or double-precision will cause a mixed mode arithmetic error.\par \par DEFvartype statements also can be used to declare thee types of arrays.\par \par TYPE-DECLARATION-TAGS override DEFvartype statements.\par \par Programs\par \par In the following example, DEFSTR NAM overrides DEFINT ALL such that NAM(5) will be treated as a string.\par \par 100 DEFINT ALL\par 110 DEFSTR NAM(5)\par 120 NAM(5)="MYARC"::X%=37.123545::I=1.2345\par 130 PRINT NAM(5);X;I\par RUN\par \ri0 MYARC 37.123545 1\par }
