{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart51\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts51\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 \par \par \par \par Referencing an Array\par \par To reference a specific element of an array, you must use subscripts. Subscripts are numeric-expressions enclosed in parentheses immediately following the reference to the array-name. An array must include one subscript for each dimension in the array. If necessary, the value of a subscript is rounded to the nearest integer.\par \par Reserving Space for Arrays\par \par When you use DIM as a program statement, the computer reserves space for arrays when enter the RUN instruction, before your program is actually run. If the computer cannot reserve space for an array with the dimensions you specify, the message Memory Full in line-number is displayed, and the command does note execute.\par \par When you use DIM as a command, if the computer cannot reserve space for an array with the dimensions you specify, the message Memory Full is displayed and the command does not execute.\par \par Until you place values in an array, each element in a string array is a null string and each element in a numeric array has a value of zero.\par \par Naming Arrays\par \par The rules for naming array variables follow the same pattern as the rules for other type variables, namely if a variable name ends in variable type descriptor defines the variable type.\par \par \tab NOTE: If a DEFSTR statement is executed then a string array name need not end in a $.\par \tab \par \tab Array variable names ending in %  refer to integer variables.\par \par \tab Type/declaration tags, such as $,  %,  take precedence over DEFvartype all declarations.\par \par The following statements will remove arrays from memory:\par \par \tab NEW, OLD, MERGE, RUN (without continue)\par \par CALL MEMSET --sets all elements of an array to a defined value. (See command MEMSET)\par \par Examples\par 100 DIM X$(30)\par Reserves space in the computer's memory for 31 string numbers of the array called X$.\par \par 100 DIM D(100),B(10,9)\par Reserves space in the computer's memory for 101 members of the array called D and 110 (11 times 10) members of the array called B.\par }
