{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart67\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts67\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 FILES\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab FILES\par \par \par \par \par Format\par CALL FILES(pathname)\par \par Cross Reference\par DOS Manual, Pathnames, Directories, OPEN, CLOSE, KILL, KEY LIST,CHDIR\par \par Description\par You can use CALL FILES either as a program statement or a command.\par \par Displays the names  of the files and directories on a disk. If pathname is specified, BASIC lists all files that match that pathname. Default is all files and directories in the current directory on the current drive.\par \par To halt list, depress any key. To continue the listing, press another or the same key. This only works in command mode.\par \par Examples\par \par CALL FILES\par Displays files of the default drive. (see KEY LIST,PWD,CHDIR)\par \par CALL FILES("DSK1.")\par Displays files in drive 1.\par \par CALL FILES("RD")\par Displays files on RD (ramdisk).\par \par CALL FILES("DSK.UTILITIES.")\par Searches all drives for the disk named "UTILITIES" and displays files.\par \par CALL FILES(DSK1.SUBDIR3.")\par Displays files of "SUBDIR3" . The maximum subdirectories for floppys is three.\par \par CALL FILES(HDS1.SUBDIR1.SUBDIR2.")\par Displays files of "SUBDIR2" which is a subdirectory of "SUBDIR1"\par \par NOTE: DO NOT USE with a window less than 28 characters wide.\par }
