{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart73\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts73\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 FREESPACE --Function\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab        FREESPACE\par \par \par \par \par Format \par FREESPACE(memory-type)\par \par Type\par REAL\par \par Description\par The FREESPACE function returns a number representing, in bytes, the amount of memory space available for MYARC Advanced BASIC programs and data.\par \par \tab The following are the memory-types:\par \par \tab 0  ALL memory\par \tab 1  program space\par \tab 2  data space\par \tab 3  assembly space\par \tab 4  stack space\par \par Garbage Collection\par \par Before FREESPACE returns a value, the computer executes an activity called "garbage collection".\par \par \tab All "inactive" strings are deleted. Strings become inactive when they are not associated with a \tab variable. A string may be created by the computer for its internal use; it becomes inactive when \par \tab no longer needed.\par \par \tab All "active" strings (strings that are still associated with variables) are moved to a contiguous area at \tab the low end of memory. This leaves all available memory in one large, contiguous block.\par \par The computer occasionally performs garbage collection by itself, i.e. when no memory is available because of an excess number and size of inactive strings.\par \par NOTE: Stack space has a defined value of 3968 bytes. (>E000->EF80)\par \par Examples\par PRINT FREESPACE(0)\par Prints a value that indicates the amount of available memory.\par \par PRINT FREESPACE(2)\par Prints a value that indicates the amount of available data space in bytes, which is based on the amount of memory allocation you chose when you started MYARC Advanced BASIC from MDOS.\par }
