{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart79\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts79\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 GRAPHICS --Subprogram\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab GRAPHICS\par \par \par \par \par Format\par CALL GRAPHICS(graphics-mode1,graphics mode2)\par \par Cross Reference\par CHAR,CIRCLE,COLOR,DCOLOR,DRAW,DRAWTO,FILL,MARGINS,POINT,RECTANGLE, SCREEN\par \par Description\par The GRAPHICS subprogram enables you to select the graphics-mode that offers you the combination of text and graphics capabilities that best suits the particular needs of your program.\par \par \tab Graphics-mode is defined by a pair of numbers, the first of which defines the screen \tab width(i.e. 1=32 characters, 2=40 characters, 3=80 characters), the second defines the mode the \tab display is currently operating at(i.e. text or bit-mapped).\par \tab A new Graphics mode  GRAPHICS(4) , a text mode with 80x24 screen is available.\par \tab See appendix K for a more detailed description of each graphics mode.\par \par When you enter MYARC Advanced BASIC, the computer is in Text-2 mode.\par \par Whenever you use the CALL GRAPHICS subprogram, the computer does the following:\par \par \tab Clears the entire screen.\par \par \tab Restores the default character definitions of characters 33-126.\par \par \tab Restores the default foreground-color and background-color to all characters.\par \par \tab Restores the default graphics foreground-color and background-color.\par \par \tab Restores the default screen color.\par \par \tab Deletes all sprites.\par \par \tab Resets all sprites.\par \par \tab Resets the sprite magnification level to 1.\par \par \tab Restores the default current position(pixel-row 1, pixel-column 1).\par \par \tab Turns off all sound.\par }
