{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart89\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts89\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 INIT --Subprogram--Initialize\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab INIT\par \par \par \par \par Format\par CALL INIT\par \par Cross Reference\par LINK, LOAD\par \par Description\par The INIT subprogram reserves memory space to enable the computer to run assembly-language \par subprograms. It also removes the pointers in memory to any previously loaded assembly-\par language program.\par \par The amount of memory set aside for assembly-language programs is 49,152 bytes.\par \par The following is how the memory is allocated;\par \par \tab Total memory block                  >2000->E000               49152\par \tab BASIC utilities table                  >DF68->DFFF                152\par \tab BASIC utilities                           >2000->24F4                1268\par \tab Available for Programs                                                  47732\par \par If you are loading multiple assembly-language programs and they are RORG "type" and the total bytes \par do not exceed the total bytes available then CALL INIT is only required before the first program is loaded.\par \par \par \par INP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab INP\par \par \par \par Format\par CALL INP(port,databyte[,databyte...])\par \par Cross Reference\par OUTP\par \par You  may use CALL INP either as a program statement or a command.\par Use only ports 1 or 2 as the PIO or PIO/2 ports respectively.\par Sends a databyte to a port.\par \par \tab The databyte may be any integer between 0 and 255.\par \par \tab Data is received and sent internally through various components within the computer, known as\par \tab ports.\par \par \tab The INP statement is used to obtain direct control of a device such as the keyboard, sound, etc.\par \par \tab INP is the complement  function to the OUTP command.\par \par }
