{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart97\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts97\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 \par \par \par \par \tab 3\tab Places keyboard in the same mode as mode 0. \par \par \tab 4\tab Remaps the keyboard in the PASCAL mode. Both upper- and lower-case\par \tab \tab alphabetical character codes are returned by the computer. It is not\par \tab \tab recommended to use this mode until MDOS code is changed. This effects\par \tab \tab all versions (2.21 and prior). A mistake in programming will cause this mode\par \tab \tab to return erroneous values.\par \par \tab 5\tab Places the key board in 99/4A BASIC mode. Both upper- and lower-case\par \tab \tab alphabetical character codes are returned by the computer.\par \par Status\par The value returned as the status can be interpreted as follows:\par \par \tab -1\tab The same key was pressed as was returned the last time KEY was called.\par \par \tab  0\tab No key was pressed.\par \par \tab  1\tab A different key was pressed than was returned the last time KEY was called.\par \par See Appendix M for the return values of all KEY modes.\par \par Example\par \par 100 CALL KEY(0,K,S)\par Returns in K the ASCII code of any key pressed on the keyboard except SHIFT, CTRL, ALT, and CAPS and in S a value indicating whether a key was pressed.\par \par Program\par The following program illustrates a use of the KEY subprogram. It creates a sprite and then enables you to move it around by using the arrow keys(E, S, D, and X) without pressing ALT. Note that line 130 returns to line 120 if no key has been pressed.\par \par To stop the sprite's movement, press any key(except the arrow keys) on the left side of keyboard.\par \par 100 CALL CLEAR\par 110 CALL SPRITE(#1,33,5,96,128)\par 120 CALL KEY(1,K,S)\par 130 IF S=0 THEN 120\par 140 IF K=5 THEN Y=-4\par 150 IF K=0 THEN Y=4\par 160 IF K=2 THEN Y=-4\par 170 IF IF K=3 THEN X=4\par 180 IF K=1 THEN X,Y=0\par 190 IF K>5 THEN X,Y=0\par 200 CALL MOTION(#1,Y,X)\par 210 GOTO 120\par (Press CLEAR to stop the program.)\par }
