{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart109\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts109\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 The Line-Number-Range\par \par A line-number-range can consist of a single line number, a single line number followed by a hyphen, a single line number preceded by a hyphen, or a range of line numbers.\par \par \tab COMMAND\tab \tab \tab LINES LISTED\par \par \tab LIST\tab \tab \tab All lines.\par \par \tab LIST X\tab \tab \tab Line number X only.\par \par \tab LIST X-\tab \tab \tab Lines from number X to the highest line number, inclusive.\par \par \tab LIST -X\tab \tab \tab Lines from the lowest line number to line number X, inclusive.\par \par \tab LIST X-Y or\tab \tab All lines from line number X to line number Y, inclusive.\par \tab LIST X Y\par \par If the line-number-range does not include a line number in your program, the following conventions apply:\par \par \tab If line-number-range is higher than any line number in the program, the highest-numbered \par \tab program line is listed.\par \par \tab If line-number-range is lower than any line number in the program, the lowest-numbered program \par \tab line is listed.\par \par \tab If line-number-range is between lines in the program, the next higher numbered program line is\par \tab  listed.\par \par Examples\par \par LIST\par Lists the entire program in memory on the display screen.\par \par LIST 100\par Lists line 100.\par \par LIST 100-\par Lists line 100 and all after it.\par \par LIST -200\par Lists all lines up to and including line 200.\par \par LIST 100-200\par Lists all lines from 100 through 200.\par }
