{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart121\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts121\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 MARGINS --Subprogram\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab        MARGINS\par \par \par \par \par Format\par CALL MARGINS(left,right,top,bottom)\par \par Cross Reference\par ACCEPT,CLEAR,DISPLAY,DISPLAY USING,GRAPHICS,INPUT,LINPUT,PRINT,PRINT USING\par \par Description\par The MARGINS subprogram enables you to define screen margins. The margins you specify define a screen window that affects the operation of several instructions.\par \par \tab Left, right, top, and bottom are numeric-expressions whose values specify the margins.\par \par The margins cannot "overlap"; that is, the position of the top margin must be higher on the screen than the bottom margin, and the position of the left margin must be farther left on the screen than the right margin.\par \par When creating a screen window, you must leave the window large enough to allow entry of a command.\par \par The valid range for margin location varies according to the graphics mode. Acceptable values for the margins in each mode are found in Appendix K.\par \par The upper-left corner of the window defined by the margins is considered to be the intersection of row 1 and column 1 by the ACCEPT, DISPLAY, DISPLAY USING instructions that use the AT option.\par \par The lower-left corner of the window is considered to be the beginning of the input line by the ACCEPT, INPUT, and LINPUT instructions.\par \par The lower-left corner of the window is considered to be the beginning of the print line by the DISPLAY, DISPLAY USING, PRINT, and PRINT USING instructions.\par \par When the ACCEPT, INPUT, LINPUT, or PRINT USING instructions cause scrolling, scrolling occurs only in the window.\par \par The CLEAR, GCHAR, HCHAR, VCHAR subprograms are not affected by the margins setting.\par \par In all modes, the margins can extend to the edges of the screen.\par }
