{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart129\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts129\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 MOTION\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab          MOTION\par \par \par \par \par Format\par CALL MOTION(#sprite-number,vertical-velocity,horizonal-velocity[,...])\par \par Cross Reference\par SPRITE\par \par Description\par The MOTION subprogram enables you to change the velocity of one or more sprites.\par \par \tab The sprite-number is a numeric-expression whose value specifies the number of a sprite as \par \tab assigned by the SPRITE subprogram.\par \par \tab The vertical- and horizonal-velocity are numeric-expressions whose values range from -128 to\par \tab  127. If both values are zero, the sprite is stationary. The speed of a sprite is in direct linear\par \tab  proportion to the absolute value of the specified velocity.\par \par \tab A positive vertical-velocity causes the sprite to move toward the bottom of the screen; a negative \par \tab vertical-velocity causes the sprite to move toward the top of the screen.\par \par \tab A positive-horizontal-velocity causes the sprite to move to the right; a negative horizontal-\par \tab velocity causes the sprite to move to the left.\par \par \tab If neither the vertical- nor horizontal-velocity are zero, the sprite moves at an angle in a direction \par \tab and at a speed determined by the velocity values.\par \par When a moving sprite reaches an edge of the screen, it disappears. The sprite reappears in the corresponding position at the opposite edge of the screen.\par \par Program\par \par The following program illustrates a use of the MOTION subprogram.\par \par 100 CALL CLEAR\par 110 CALL SPRITE(#1,33,5,92,124)\par 120 FOR XVEL=-16 TO 16 STEP 2\par 130 FOR YVEL=-16 TO 16 STEP2\par 140 DISPLAY AT(12,11):XVEL;YVEL\par 150 CALL MOTION(#1,YVEL,XVEL)\par 160 NEXT YVEL\par 170 NEXT XVEL\par Line 110 creates a sprite.\par Line 120 and 130 set values for the motion of the sprite.\par Line 150 sets the sprite in motion.\par Lines 160 and 170 complete the loops that set the values for the motion of the sprite.\par }
