{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart131\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts131\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 CALL MREL(pxlrow,pxlcol)\par \par Returns information of row and column when mouse button was released.\par \par CALL MOUSEDRAG(ON,linecolor)\par \par Draws a solid line as you move the mouse. The linecolor is 1-16 or 1-256 or 1-4 depending on the mode used. The left button controls the drag. MODE(3,2) will usually require a redefined PALETTE for effective use.\par \par CALL MOUSEDRAG(OFF)\par \par Reverse mouse drag ON command.\par \par CALL HIDEMOUSE\par \par Eliminates mouse cursor.\par \par CALL SEEMOUSE(pxlrow,pxlcol,speed [,color])\par \par Displays mouse cursor at pxlrow, pxlcol. Speed range 1-8. Color option (1-16) is available if using sprite mode 2. See Appendix K.\par \par NOTE: The MOUSEDRAG ON command and ON MOUSE(1) GOSUB CAN NOT be used together. Once the ON MOUSE has been used it stays active even if you issue a new gosub to a different line number.  There is no mouse off(button #) command, but a patch to the KEY STOP allows you to remove all gosubs. This also removes all ON KEY GOSUBS and requires you to turn them on if they are to be used.\par \par Example\par \par 100 CALL GRAPHICS(3,3)\tab \tab \tab \tab Can be  1,1  1,2  1,3  2,2  2,3  3,2  3,3\par 110 CALL SCHAR(252,"E0C0A01")\par 120 MOUSE ON\par 130 ON MOUSE(1) GOSUB 220\tab \tab \tab \tab Activate gosub routines\par 140 ON MOUSE(2) GOSUB 240\par 150 ON MOUSE(3) GOSUB 250\par 160 CALL SEEMOUSE(100,100,3,4)\par 170 CALL MKEY(BUT1,BUT2,BUT3,ROW,COL)\par 180 DISPLAY AT(15,1):BUT1;BUT2;BUT3;ROW;COL\par 190 IF ROW>150 THEN 210\tab \tab \tab \tab End  program if row greater than 150\par 200 GOTO 170\par 210 CALL HIDEMOUSE::MOUSE OFF::END\par 220 CALL MLOC(ROW1,COL1)::CALL MREL(ROW2,COL2)\par 230 DISPLAY AT(17,1):TIME$;ROW1;COL1;ROW2;COL2::RETURN\par 240 DISPLAYAT(19,1):DATE$;"MOUSE KEY 2"::RETURN\par 250 KEY STOP\par 260 ON MOUSE(2) GOSUB 220\par 270 ON MOUSE(3) GOUSB 210\par 280 CALL MOUSEDRAG(ON,4)\par 290 RETURN\par \par MOUSE(1) REPORTS MLOC and MREL info\par MOUSE(2) reports date\par First time MOUSE(3) eliminates MOUSE(1), redefines MOUSE(2) to report MLOC and MREL\par and turns on button #1 to activate drawing on the screen. Second press ends program.\par }
