{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart151\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts151\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 OPTION BASE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab OPTION BASE\par \par \par \par \par Format\par OPTION BASE 0 or 1\par \par Cross Reference\par DIM\par \par Description\par The OPTION BASE statement enables you to set the lower limit of array subscripts.\par \par You can use the OPTION BASE statement to specify a lower array-subscript limit of either 0 or 1. If your program does not include an OPTION BASE statement, the lower limit is set to 0.\par \par The OPTION BASE statement applies to every array in your program. You can have only one OPTION BASE statement in a program.\par \par If you do not set the lower array-subscript limit to 1, the computer reserves memory for element 0 of each dimension of each array. To avoid reserving unnecessary memory, it is recommended that you set the lower limit to 1 if your program does not use element 0.\par \par The OPTION BASE statement must have a lower line number than any DIM statement or any reference to an array in your program. The OPTION BASE statement is evaluated during pre-scan and is not executed.\par \par The OPTION BASE statement cannot be part of an IF THEN statement.\par \par Example\par \par 100 OPTION BASE 1\par Sets the lowest allowable subscript of all arrays to one.\par }
