{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart159\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts159\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 POKEV --Subprogram--Poke to VDP RAM\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab            POKEV\par \par \par \par \par Format\par CALL POKEV(address,byte-list[,"",address,byte-list[,...]])\par \par Cross Reference\par LOAD,PEEK,PEEKV,VALHEX\par \par Description\par The POKEV subprogram enables you to assign values directly to specified VDP memory addresses.\par \par You can use  the LOAD subprogram to assign values to CPU.\par \par \tab The address is a numeric-expression whose value specifies the first VDP(Video Display \par \tab Processor) memory address where data is to be poked. If the byte-list specifies more than one \par \tab byte of data, the bytes are assigned to sequential memory addresses starting with the address \par \tab you specify.\par \par \tab The address must have a value from 0 to 16383 inclusive.\par \par \tab If you know the hexadecimal value of the address (>0000->3FFF), you can use the valhex \par \tab function to convert it to a decimal numeric-expression.\par \par \tab If necessary, the address is rounded to the nearest integer.\par \par \tab The byte-list consists of one or more bytes of data, separated by commas, that are to be poked \par \tab into VDP memory starting with the specified address.\par \par \tab Each byte in the byte-list must be a numeric-expression with a value from 0 to 32767. If the value \par \tab of a byte is greater than 255, it is repeatedly reduced by 256 until it is less than 256. If\par \tab  necessary, a byte is rounded to the nearest integer.\par \par You can specify multiple addresses and byte-lists by entering a null string(two adjacent quotation marks) as a separator between a byte-list and the next address.\par \par If you call the POKEV subprogram with invalid parameters the computer may function erratically. If this occurs, turn off the computer, wait several seconds, then turn the computer back on.\par \par Examples\par 100 CALL POKEV(3333,233)\par Pokes the value 233 into location 3333.\par \par 100 CALL POKEV(13784,273)\par Pokes the value 17 (273 reduced bye 256 once) into location 13784.\par \par 100 CALL POKEV(7343,246,"",VALHEX("2E4F"),433)\par Pokes the value 246 into location 7343, and uses VALHEX to ascertain the decimal value equivalent of the hexadecimal number 2E4F (11855). The value 177(433 reduced by 256 once) is then poked into this location.\par }
