{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart187\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts187\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 SAVE \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab SAVE\par \par \par \par \par Format\par SAVE file-specification[,INTERNAL][,MERGE][PROTECTED]\par \par Cross Reference\par MERGE, OLD\par \par Description\par The SAVE command copies the program in memory to an external storage device. When you are using SAVE, your program remains in memory, even if an error occurs.\par \par The saved program can later be loaded back into memory with the OLD command.\par \par \tab The file-specifications names the program to be stored. The file-specification, a string constant, \tab optionally can be enclosed in quotation marks.\par \par \tab To specify that your program is to be available for merging with other programs, use the MERGE \tab option. If you use the MERGE option, the program is stored as a SEQUENTIAL file in DISPLAY \tab format with VARIABLE records (DV/163)(see OPEN); MERGE can be used only with devices \tab that accept these options.\par \par \tab For more information about using MERGE with a particular device, refer to the owner's manual \par \tab that comes with that device.\par \par \tab If you do not use the MERGE option, your program cannot later be merged with another \par \tab program.\par \par \tab If you use the PROTECTED option, you ensure that the program, when subsequentially loaded \par \tab with the OLD command, cannot be listed, edited, or saved.\par \par \tab As the PROTECTED option is not reversible, it is recommended that you keep an unprotected \tab version of the program. If you also wish to protect a diskette-based program from being deleted, \par \tab use the protect feature of the Disk Manager.\par \par \tab If you use the INTERNAL option, your program will be saved in INTERNAL format with \par \tab VARIABLE records and will be compatible with the TI 99/4A. The program size in bytes \par \tab should be limited to approx. 24K and cannot have ANY of the reserved words of MYARC \par \tab Advanced BASIC.\par \par SAVE removes any breakpoints you have set in your program.\par \par Examples\par \par SAVE PRG1\par Saves program to the current working directory(see PWD or KEY LIST)\par \par SAVE DSK1.PRG1\par Saves the program in memory on the diskette or harddrive(if you have emulate set) in disk drive 1 under the name PRG1.\par }
