{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart217\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts217\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 TERMCHAR--Function--Termination Character\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab TERMCHAR\par \par \par \par \par Format\par TERMCHAR\par \par Type\par DEFINT\par \par Cross Reference\par ACCEPT,INPUT,LINPUT\par \par Description\par The TERMCHAR function returns the character code of the key pressed to exit from the previously executed INPUT, ACCEPT, or LINPUT statement.\par \par In a program, the value returned by TERMCHAR depends on the key pressed to exit from the last instruction that accepted input from the keyboard.\par \par \tab VALUE RETURNED\tab \tab KEY\par \tab \tab 1\tab \tab F7     AID\par \tab \tab 2\tab \tab F4     CLEAR\par \tab \tab 10\tab \tab FX or DOWN ARROW\par \tab \tab 11\tab \tab FE or UP ARROW\par \tab \tab 12\tab \tab F6      PROC'D\par \tab \tab 13\tab \tab           ENTER\par \tab \tab 14\tab \tab F5      BEGIN\par \tab \tab 15\tab \tab F9      BACK\par \par If you use TERMCHAR as part of a command(unless it is preceded by ACCEPT, INPUT, or LINPUT), the value returned depends on the key to enter the command(ENTER, UP ARROW, or DOWN ARROW.\par \par Note that pressing CLEAR during keyboard input normally causes a break in the program. However, if your program includes an ON BREAK NEXT statement, you can use CLEAR to exit from an input field.\par \par Program\par \par The following program illustrates a use of TERMCHAR. The program displays name, address, and city, state, and zip code information entered from the keyboard. Line 160 enables you to correct errors in previously entered lines by pressing UP ARROW. This returns the cursor to the beginning of the line that immediately precedes the one from which UP ARROW was entered.\par \par 100 CALL CLEAR\par 110 R=5::C=12\par 120 DISPLAY AT(R,C-10):"NAME :"\par 130 DISPLAY AT(R+1,C-10):"ADDRESS:"\par 140 DISPLAY AT(R+2,C-10):"C,S,Z:"\par 150 ACCEPT AT(R,C)SIZE(-20):A$(R)\par 160 IF TERMCHAR=11 THEN R=R-1 ELSE R=R+1\par 170 IF R=8 THEN 180 ELSE 150\par 180 DISPLAY AT(20,1):A$(5):A$(6):A$(7)\par }
