{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}\margl1440\margr1440\pgnstart227\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts227\footery1080{\header \pard\plain\qr MYARC ADVANCED BASIC\par }{\footer \pard\plain\qr     VERSION 4.0  DDI SOFTWARE  \chpgn \par }\pard\qj \plain\f8\fs20 I/O DEFAULTS\par \par \par \par \par MYARC Advanced BASIC includes several features to simplify the direction of input and output to certain devices. These devices are your main storage device(typically DSK1), your main printer (typically PIO). These defaults are set from the operating system defaults when BASIC is initially started.\par \par The following names are used for reassigning a particular default device:\par \par \tab NAME\tab \tab DEVICE\par \par \tab LPT\tab \tab Default printing device\par \tab CHDIR\tab \tab Default disk drive or directory\par \par These commands can not be used in a program as a program statement.\par \par The following can be used as a program statement for reassigning a particular device.\par \par \tab KEY(11)="string-expression"       Changes working directory or drive.\par \tab KEY(12)="string-expression"        Changes the printing device.\par \par These are the only uses for these keys and should not be confused with the KEY command.\par \par To change a default, type the command and follow it by the desired device name. For example, the LLIST command prints the program in memory to the main printer port. If your printer is connected to the RS232 port and not the PIO port you would need to redirect the output from LLIST. To do this type from the prompt LPT        RS232[.BA=4800.....] \par \par To change drives or directory, from the prompt type CHDIR "path.[directory.]"\par \par You may also check to see what a particular default is set for at any time. To do this, type any of the following commands and BASIC will list what that device is set for:\par \par \tab COMMAND\tab \tab DEVICE\par \par \tab PPT\tab \tab Lists the default printer\par \tab PWD\tab \tab Lists the default working directory\par \tab KEY LIST\tab Lists both of the above and the default of FCTN keys 1-10.\par }
